# DNA-Hash-Map
In this project I will implement a simple database system for DNA sequences. My database system will include a disk-based hash table using a simple bucket hash, to support searches by sequence identifier. The bulk of the database will be stored in a binary file on disk, with a memory manager that stores both sequences and sequenceIDs. As with DNA Tree project, define DNA sequences to be strings on the alphabet A, C, G, and T. In this project, I will store data records consisting of two parts. The first part will be the identifier. The identifier is a relatively short string of characters from the A, C, G, T alphabet. The second part is the sequence. The sequence is a relatively long string (could be thousands of characters) from the A, C, G, T alphabet.  Input and Output: The program will be invoked from the command-line as:  java DNAdbase &lt;command-file> &lt;hash-file> &lt;hash-table-size> &lt;memory-file>  The name of the program is DNAdbase. Parameter command-file is the name of the input file that holds the commands to be processed by the program. Parameter hashfile is the name of the file that holds the hash table. Parameter hash-table-size defines the size of the hash table. This number must be a multiple of 32. The hash table never changes in size once the program starts. Parameter memory-file is the name of the file used by the memory manager to store strings. The input for this project will consist of a series of commands (some with associated parameters, separated by spaces), with no more than one command on a line. A blank line may appear anywhere in the command file (except within the insert command, see below), and any number of spaces may separate parameters. I need not worry about checking for syntactic errors. That is, only the specified commands will appear in the file, and the specified parameters will always appear. However, I must check for logical errors. The commands will be read from a file, and the output from the commands will be written to standard output. The program should terminate after reading the EOF mark.
